and his daughter Natalie Cole recorded
her version on the album unforgettable
with love in 1981 yes definitely with
orange colored sky
you
I was walking along minding my biz
out of an orange colors yeah
back
you came by some in a tune drinking
sunshine but out of that orange colored
where BAM
a look at you
one look at night out
like
walking
oh my
and a girl and
pretty be
I think you chose a quite a difficult
song and you did it fairly well the only
problem was that you i think you move a
bit too much you know the swing of this
song comes from inside ok and then it's
not very ladylike to have your legs open
all the time yeah that's me but I think
you you got the feel the groove right I
just felt that you you look a bit clumsy
ok thanks I don't know I like the fact
Daphne that you created magic you smile
throughout that whole entire song I
don't know how that's possible but you
did and you
so joyful and experience to just watch
you and I couldn't help smiling
throughout that whole song myself so
well done I like that very very much I
felt that it just wasn't the right song
for you to sing somehow you know I I
don't know whether you capture I be very
honest video I've not heard that song
before so serious but I you sort of had
that style that sort of came out always
keep telling you that you have the
Stephanie sort of thing is every song
you sing so maybe that what makes it
pretty uncomfortable for me and you know
you had some bum notes there and your
voice faltered off and on as well so I
just felt uncomfortable with that I like
the fact that you you acknowledge the
band after you perform there was very
good it's part of the performance but I
think what is important here is you are
not improving fast enough definitely you
have to push yourself improvement is a
necessity is not an option in this
competition ok ok thank you can
everybody Daphne cool
are you doing I'm good so we've been
kind of stare like this huh I see okay
now I know now what is it like for you
daphne to perform in a band like this
these guys are pros this guy is a
maestro these other guys let's get them
a big hand again bitch this I know it's
every singers dream to sing with a big
band isn't it it is the feel is there so
it's so cool okay can I sing no no no no
it's not let's not spoil the ratings of
the show definitely how you're feeling
you're feeling good i'm clear and i had
so much fun yes like always say you were
smiling all the way yeah excuse money
yeah never stop anesthesia smiling if
you were smiling as well and you wanted
to come back next week then called her
number wishes 1 900 112 1904 or SMS 42
43 657 thank you very much Stephanie all
the best to you only two more
performances to go before voting begins
keep it right here on Idol be right back